add explicit usage warning [skip ci] (#515)
open-quantum-safe/oqs-provider: README.md

ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE DISCLAIMED, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

## Standards compliance

This project follows the [NIST PQC standardization process](https://csrc.nist.gov/projects/post-quantum-cryptography)
and aims to support experimentation with the various PQC algorithms
under evaluation and in different stages of standardization by NIST.
`oqsprovider` at this time cannot claim or prove adherence to any
standards documents published. For more details, review the file
[STANDARDS.md](STANDARDS.md) carefully. Most notably, hybrid and
composite implementations exclusively implemented in `oqsprovider`
are at a pre-standard/draft stage only. Over time the project aims
to provide standards compliance and solicits input by way of
contributions to achieve this state.

## Component disclaimer

> `oqsprovider` for the implementation of all pure PQC functionality
> is completely dependent on the following package and accordingly
> cannot recommend any use beyond experimentation purposes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`oqsprovider` for the implementation of all pure PQC functionality
is completely dependent on [liboqs](https://github.com/open-quantum-safe/liboqs) and accordingly
cannot recommend any use beyond experimentation purposes:
```

Reviewer: I would make it clear what the "following package" is. Otherwise, looks good to me, and I think it makes sense to include.
